README.md, before:

# api-quick-start

Template Project for starting up CRUD API with Django Rest Framework

## Customization Steps

- DO NOT migrate yet
- add additional dependencies as needed
  - Re-export requirements.txt as needed
- change `things` folder to the app name of your choice
- Search through entire code base for `Thing`,`Things` and `things` to modify code to use your resource
  - `project/settings.py`
  - `project/urls.py`
  - App's files
    - `views.py`
    - `urls.py`
    - `admin.py`
    - `serializers.py`
    - `permissions.py`
  - "Front" files
    - if including a customer facing portion of the site then update/recreate:
      - `urls_front.py`
      - `views_front.py`
      - template files
      - Make sure to update project `urls.py` to add routes to the "front".
- Update ThingModel with fields you need
  - Make sure to update other modules that would be affected by Model customizations. E.g. serializers, tests, etc.
- Rename `project/.env.sample` to `.env` and update as needed
  - To generate secret key use `python3 -c "import secrets; print(secrets.token_urlsafe())"`
- Run makemigrations and migrate commands when ready.
- Run `python manage.py collectstatic`
  - This repository includes static assets in repository. If you are using a Content Delivery Network then remove `staticfiles` from repository.
- Optional: Update `api_tester.py`

## Database

**NOTE:** If you are using Postgres instead of SQLite then make sure to install `psycopg2-binary` and include in `requirements.txt`

Commit message:

Create account and appointment models

README.md, after:

# api-quick-start

Template Project for starting up CRUD API with Django Rest Framework

## Customization Steps

- DO NOT migrate yet
- add additional dependencies as needed
  - Re-export requirements.txt as needed
- change `appointments` folder to the app name of your choice
- Search through entire code base for `Appointment`,`Appointments` and `appointments` to modify code to use your resource
  - `project/settings.py`
  - `project/urls.py`
  - App's files
    - `views.py`
    - `urls.py`
    - `admin.py`
    - `serializers.py`
    - `permissions.py`
  - "Front" files
    - if including a customer facing portion of the site then update/recreate:
      - `urls_front.py`
      - `views_front.py`
      - template files
      - Make sure to update project `urls.py` to add routes to the "front".
- Update AppointmentModel with fields you need
  - Make sure to update other modules that would be affected by Model customizations. E.g. serializers, tests, etc.
- Rename `project/.env.sample` to `.env` and update as needed
  - To generate secret key use `python3 -c "import secrets; print(secrets.token_urlsafe())"`
- Run makemigrations and migrate commands when ready.
- Run `python manage.py collectstatic`
  - This repository includes static assets in repository. If you are using a Content Delivery Network then remove `staticfiles` from repository.
- Optional: Update `api_tester.py`

## Database

**NOTE:** If you are using Postgres instead of SQLite then make sure to install `psycopg2-binary` and include in `requirements.txt`
